intense match that is expected this Saturday in the annexes of the hill in
the shock that is going to measure aranda album with smoke harbingers and that is
the appeal of the provincial derby joins what is at stake nothing more and nothing
less than the permanence
the set of avellaneda that match very much needed points since it
find bottom with just one point in your locker
in the last day the rock of aranda fell clearly before the wolf
segovia by 42 8 in a match marked by the poor start of the ribereños
it's not the virtues and the shortcomings that said that honda
is having this year
on the one hand
the virtues that we are technically improving we are a team and has confessed
years that goes to structure team work
by the way that plus the defects the flaws is that
we do not know yet to have a competitive mentality
more than in the world contributing that you enter ten minutes before the game and
be in the party
and we're late, the kids did not know how to concentrate, maybe not a
work of the board or coaches of
to warm up well
and we entered deconcentrated
before the university of burglars riggers the theft of sand is played
great part of its options of permanence
the riverside are last with a point while the team of the capital is
ninth with 3 so everything that is not a victory of the trained set
by walter salazar would leave the aranda with a foot and a half in second
for this reason from the ribereña entity the support of the hobby is requested yes for that reason
we would like despite the climate of tension
that we were world
We have the support of your family and friends who are usually hearing I do not know
what
surprisingly we are in an assistant between 50 and 100 people at
rugby matches
but merchant a derby knowing what we play all the aids and all the
present that by going to encourage them I put special thanks
From the technical standpoint they emphasize to repeat the performances of
previous days
The team's gift has come out with very little intensity since the beginning
one of the keys to have the triumph will be in the concentration from the
initial beep and in the contribution of veteran players since walter
salazar will be able to count on his entire staff they already have
a depth
already before other teams that yes there was a routine of concentration and is what
they do is repeat that routine
with which to do them what they do is that the kids
describe themselves we look a little at that routine and therefore that concentration
in or are all the work of these veterans in the field yes no the arq lo
vital that is how they manage to put the rest of the team in competition
we depend on us first that's fundamental is not that we depend on that
other equipment pinchen depend on that finally those defects that you commented
is exceeded
Well, starting to look for that competitiveness and that concentration that
what we need because these kids there are great players
but let's not say maybe they have caught with so little time three years
in an evolution we have by dispossession
and those who cross to know how to wear for santa enter that concentration and be
competitive against a pole